doc: how to configure API/APP key with OLM (#427)
DataDog/datadog-operator: docs/installation.md

        cpu: "500m"
```

### Add Datadog credential to the operator

> For some usecase (example: `DatadogMonitors` support), the operator requires to have access to a Datadog API and APP keys.
> 
> Create a secret that contains this two keys. In the following example the secret keys are `api-key` and `app-key`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Datadog Operator requires access to your API and application keys to add a `DatadogMonitor`. 

1. Create a secret that contains both keys. In the example below, the secret keys are `api-key` and `app-key`.
```

```
export DD_API_KEY=<replace-by-your-api-key>
export DD_APP_KEY=<replace-by-your-app-key>

kubectl create secret generic datadog-secret --from-literal api-key=$DD_API_KEY --from-literal app-key=$DD_APP_KEY
```

> Add the references to the secret in the Datadog-Operator Subscription resource instance. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Add references to the secret in the Datadog-Operator Subscription resource instance. 
```

```yaml
apiVersion: operators.coreos.com/v1alpha1
kind: Subscription
metadata:
  name: my-datadog-operator
  namespace: operators
spec:

>   channel: alpha
>   name: datadog-operator
>   source: operatorhubio-catalog
>   sourceNamespace: olm

Author: ```suggestion
  # ...
```

  config:
    env:
      - name: DD_API_KEY
        valueFrom:
          secretKeyRef: 
             key: api-key
             name: datadog-secret
      - name: DD_APP_KEY
        valueFrom:
          secretKeyRef: 

>             key: api-ky

Reviewer 2: `app-key`

Reviewer: Good catch!

```suggestion
            key: app-key
```

            name: datadog-secret
```

> **Note**: several config overrides can be added on the `spec.config` section; example: `env` + `resources`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: You can add configuration overrides in the `spec.config` section. For example, override `env` and `resources`.
```

> ## Deploy the Datadog Agents with the operator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Deploy the Datadog Agents with the Operator
```
